Remove endpoint for freezing indices (#77273)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-your-data/long-running-searches.asciidoc

{es} generally allows you to quickly search across big amounts of data. There are
situations where a search executes on many shards, possibly against

> frozen indices and spanning multiple

Reviewer: I think we should remove the "frozen" mention from this, and just go with:

```suggestion
indices spanning multiple
```

{es} generally allows you to quickly search across big amounts of data. There are
situations where a search executes on many shards, possibly against

> indices spanning multiple <<modules-remote-clusters,remote clusters>>, for which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
large data sets or multiple <<modules-remote-clusters,remote clusters>>, for which
```
